Deficit 100,000 two
soft
Just give me your heart and leave
The person who stole 100,000 two silver from the rural household
At least one batch or more
Your Highness, are you planning to go through this muddy water?
Not this muddy water
If I can't meet it
But I met someone who doesn't care about returning to peace of mind
Although others think I'm a stubborn child
But I still have justice in my heart
I didn't expect it.
Your Highness is still such a warm-hearted person
In the future, tell him when you encounter cooked food
I got his back.
What's bothering him?
I mean let him disappear for a while
To create the illusion of his disappearance
Master Xu
From today onwards, we will do nothing
Platoon leader
Ugly face
Your Highness, you are joking again
Here are the accounts for a full 5 years
Even if the account is completed, it will take half a year.
No, a week is enough.
His Highness prefers brocade clothes to control food habits
Talk nonsense when you open your mouth
Auditing is a specialized discipline
Don't shoot if you don't understand
So you're not convinced?